Walk them back I want to show you the greatest thing ever in computer science especially when it comes
to algorithms.
I'm going to link to this channel because I just think is the greatest thing ever.
Also the comments are absolutely hilarious if you're nerdy like me.
But somebody created a sort algorithm dance playlist where they take different sorting algorithms and
show them how they work with some traditional music.
Let's say traditional Romanian music traditional Hungarian music traditional Transylvanian Saxon for
dance and they show different sorts so you can check out bubble sort which we've talked about or selection
sort which we're doing right now to help you with your average size and to write your own algorithms
for the exercises.
Not only is the music just absolutely amazing.
It really really helps you with how sorting algorithms work by the way.
My favorite one is the quick of one which we're going to get into.
It's the best dance to see especially if you do it at two speed to speed these dancing has become really
really fun to watch and really help you out.
Anyway it's the little fun thing to do with your exercises when you're trying to figure out how to write
and implement your own sorting algorithms.
I think this is the best way to visualize things to show you how they work.